Hello. Welcome to mini story B for drag. In this mini story lesson, I will ask two kinds of questions. I will ask information you know and I will ask information you don't know. If you don't know, guess. Let's get started. 20 years ago, the sisters or daughters bought a business from their mother. Did they buy a business from their mother? Yes, they did. Who bought a business from their mother? Well, the daughters. What were their names? Here were their names. Sam and Olivia. Yes, that's right. The daughter's names were Sam and Olivia. What did Sam and Olivia buy? Well, they bought a business. When did they buy a business? Ah, 20 years ago they bought a business. Where did they buy a business? H Where did they buy a business? Did they buy a business in California? No. Did they buy a business in Texas? No. Did they buy a business in Canada? Yes, that's right. They bought a business in Canada. What kind of business did they buy? Did they buy a farm? No. No. No. No.

Did they buy a paper making business? No. No, they didn't. They didn't buy a paper making business. Did they buy a dog cleaning business? Yes, that's right. They bought a dog cleaning business from their mother. When did they buy a dog cleaning business from their mother? Ah, well, you know, 20 years ago, they bought a dog cleaning business from their mother. Where did they buy the dog cleaning? business in Canada. They bought the dog cleaning business from their mother in Canada. How did they buy the business? Ah, how did they buy the business? They bought the business with gold. G O L D. Gold. They bought the business with gold from their mother in Canada. What kind of business did they buy with gold? They bought a dog cleaning business with gold from their mother? Did they buy a cat cleaning business from their mother or a dog cleaning business from their mother? Ah, they bought a dog cleaning business from their mother. Okay.

How much gold did they pay to by the dog cleaning business. Did they pay 10 pounds of gold every year? No, they didn't pay 10 pounds of gold every year. Did they pay 500 pounds of gold every year? Well, almost. They paid five 55 pounds of gold every year. Who did they pay5 pounds of gold to? Ah, to their mother, right? They paid 55 pounds of gold every year to their mother. Okay. How many times did they pay their mother? Well, they paid their mother every year. Every year they paid their mother 55 pounds of gold. Every year did they pay their mother 56 pounds of gold. No. Every year they paid their mother 55 pounds of gold. Why did they pay their mother 55 pounds of gold every year? Well, because they bought her business. What kind of business did they buy? A dog cleaning business. They bought a dog cleaning business. Did the mom continue to help with the dog cleaning business? Yes. The mom continued to help with the dog cleaning. business. Who did she continue to help?

Well, she continued to help Sam and Olivia, her daughters. Did she continue to help Sam and Olivia? Yeah, she continued to help Sam and Olivia, where did she help them? Well, she helped them at the business, right? At work. Where was the business? In Canada, right? She helped them at the business in Canada. How did the mom help Sam and Olivia? H. How did she help them? Did she wash the dogs? Did she clean? Did she wash the dogs? No. No, she didn't wash the dogs. Why didn't she help wash the dogs? Well, because she was too old. She was too old to wash the dogs. Was she too old to use the computer? No, she wasn't too old to use the computer. She was too old to wash the dogs. Was she too old to wash all of the dogs? No, no, she wasn't too old to wash all of the dogs. Which dogs was she too old to wash? Uh, was she too old to wash the big dogs or the little dogs? Oh, she was too old to wash the little dogs. Yeah, she was too old to wash the little dogs.

H Why Why was she too old to wash the little dogs? Oh, because they are fast. The little dogs are very fast. The little dogs are very fast. So, mom was too old to wash the little dogs. Mom only washed the big dogs. Why did she only wash the big dogs? Well, obviously because they were slow. The big dogs were very slow, but the little dogs were too fast. Mom only washed the big dogs. How many big dogs did she wash every day? Did she wash one big dog every day? 500 big dogs every day? No. She washed half a big dog every day. Who washed only Half a big dog every day? Mom. The mom. What did the mom wash every day? The mom washed half a big dog every day. When did she wash half a dog every day? Oh, well, at midnight. At midnight. Only at midnight. She washed half a big dog every day. Actually, every night. Where did she wash half a big dog? Oh, in Canada. Right. At the business in Canada. How did she wash half a big dog? Well, she washed half a big dog with a toothbrush.

You know, brush your teeth. She washed half a big dog with a toothbrush. T O O T H B R U S H. She washed half a big dog every night at midnight. night with a toothbrush. Why did she use a toothbrush? Oh, she used a toothbrush because her hands were very small. Mom's hands were very small. That's why she used a toothbrush. Who used a toothbrush because her hands were small. The mom used a toothbrush because her hands were small. What did the mom use to wash half a big dog? She used a toothbrush to wash half a big dog. When did she She use a toothbrush at midnight. At midnight, she used a toothbrush. What did she use the toothbrush for? Oh, she used the toothbrush to wash half a big dog. Okay, very good. Now we understand more of the story. Listen to this many story many many times. Listen every day. Answer all the questions. Use your pause button. Listen to this story every day for two weeks, maybe three weeks, maybe 10 weeks, but listen every day until until you understand everything.

Okay, see you next time. Bye-bye.
