Okay, welcome to mini story A for drag. In this mini story, I will ask questions you know. Look at the text you can find the answers. Let's start. Mom is a drag on the family business. business. Who is a drag on the family business? Well, mom, right? The mom is a drag on the family business. Is the dad a drag on the family business? No, not the dad. The dad Dad isn't a drag on the family business. The mom is a drag on the family business. Is the mom a drag or is the dad a drag? All right. The mom the mom is a drag on the family business. The dad isn't a drag. on the family business. Who is a drag on the family business? That's right, the mom. The mom is a drag on the family business. When was the mom a drag on the family business? Well, the mom was a drag on the family business for many years. For many years, right? Starting 20 years ago. Starting 20 years ago until now. All right. When did the daughters buy buy the business?

20 years ago, the daughters bought the business 20 years ago. Who did they buy the business from? Ah, their mother. They bought the business from their mother. Did they buy the business? from George Bush. No, they didn't buy the business from George Bush. They bought the business from their mother. Did they buy the business from their father? No, they didn't buy the business from their father. They bought the business from their mother. How long ago did they buy the business? 20 years ago, right? 20 years ago, they bought the business from their mother. All right. Very good. Do they love their mother? Of course they love their mother. Do they respect their mother? Yes. Of course they respect their mother. Does their mother respect them? Yes, their mother respects them. Do they all respect each other? That's right. They all respect each other. Mom respects them. They respect mom. All right. When will they finish paying off the business? Ah, in two years.

In two years, they will finish paying off the business. Who will finish paying off the business? Uh, the sisters or the daughters will finish paying off the business. When will the daughters finish paying off the business in two years. Who will finish paying off the business in two years? The daughters or sisters will finish paying off the business in two years. Will the father finish paying off the business in two years? No. No, not the father. The father will not finish paying off the business in two years. The daughters will finish paying off the business in two years. But the daughters have a problem. Mom, who is 77, still gets money. Who still gets money from the daughters? Mom, right? Mom still gets money from the daughters. Does mom still get money from her daughters? That's right. Mom still gets money from her daughters. Does mom mom get a salary from her daughters? Yeah, that's right. She gets a salary maybe per hour from her daughters.

Does mom get a salary or does mom work for free? Ah. Mom gets a salary. She doesn't work for free. Mom gets a salary. She still gets a salary. Does mom also get money for the business? That's right. Mom also gets money to pay for the business. Who pays mom money? for the business. Well, the daughters pay mom money for the business. Who pays mom a salary? Ah, the daughters again. The daughters pay mom a salary and the daughters pay money for the business. How old Is the mom ah she is 77. Is the mom very young? No, not really. The mom is 77. She's not very young. Is she old? Well, not too old, but yeah, she is a little old. She is 77. Okay. Does mom do a lot of work? No, she doesn't do a lot of work. Does she do personal work on the clock? Yes, she does. She does personal work on the clock. Does mom read on the clock? She does. Mom reads on the clock. She reads during work time. Does mom write letters on the clock? Yes, she does. Mom writes letters on the clock during work time.

Who writes letters on the clock? Well, mom. The mom writes letters on the clock. Do the daughters pay mom to write letters? Well, they do pay her to write letters, but They don't want to. Does mom write letters on the clock or does mom work very hard on the clock? Mom writes letters on the clock. She doesn't work very hard on the clock. Is mom's salary expensive for the daughters? Yes, mom's salary is expensive for the daughters. Whose salary is expensive for the daughters? Mom's mom's salary is expensive for for the daughters. What is expensive for the daughters? Mom's salary, right? Mom's salary is expensive for the daughters. Is dad's salary expensive for the daughters? No. No. Dad's salary isn't expensive for for the daughters. Mom's salary is expensive for the daughters. Is mom's salary expensive for the daughters or cheap for the daughters? Well, her salary is expensive for the daughters. It's not cheap for the daughters. Are business expenses going up or going down?

Business expenses are going up. Are business expenses going up fast? Yes. Yes. Business expenses are going up fast. Are business expenses going through the roof? Yes, business expenses are going through the roof. They are going up very fast. What is going up very fast? Business expenses. Business expenses are going up very fast. Whose business expenses are going up? up very fast. Ah, the daughters, right? The daughter's business expenses are going up very fast. Are Bill Gates business expenses going up very fast? No. No, not Bill Gates. Bill Gates business expenses aren't going up very fast. The daughter's business expenses are going up very fast. Why Why are the daughters business expenses going up very fast? Why? Oh, because they must pay their mom two times, right? They must pay her a salary. And also they must pay her for the business. So why are their expenses going up fast? Because they must pay their mom two times. Are their expenses going down? No, they're not.

Not their expenses are not going down. They are going up. Do the daughters like this situation? No, they don't. The daughters don't like this situation. Okay, that is all for many story. A listen to it many times. Listen to it. every day. Listen to it for two weeks or more.
