Okay, this is the vocabulary for die with a smile. So, die with a smile. Last night, I had a dream. In my dream, you and I had to say goodbye. It was a sad dream. When I woke up, I thought about it. I don't know what the dream means, but I survived it. I survived it. To survive means to continue to live. It means you don't die. For example, if there is a car crash, a bad car crash, maybe three people die, but one person lives. That one person survived. Survived. So in the dream it was sad. It was a bad experience. But I lived through it. I survived it. Okay.

Next. Nobody is promised tomorrow. Nobody is promised tomorrow. This is a great phrase. A promise is when you say you will do something in the future. For example, I promise I will call you. It means I will definitely call you. So nobody is promised tomorrow. Tomorrow means that nobody knows for sure if they will be alive tomorrow. We are not guaranteed to live tomorrow. Anything can happen. Life is not certain. That's what nobody is promised tomorrow means. It's a very common phrase in English.

Next, I say, "I'm going to love you every night like it's our last night." Like it's our last night. This means as if it is our last night. Imagine this is the final night, the very last one. How would you act? You would love with all your energy. You love very strongly. So, I'm going to love you like it's our last night means I will love you with a lot of passion and energy as if we will not have another chance. All right.

The next paragraph starts with I think about the end of the world. The end of the world and I say if the world was ending to end means to finish to stop completely. So the world was ending means the world is finishing. Everything is stopping. It's the final moment for everyone on earth. If the world was ending, what would you do? This is a phrase we use to talk about the most important things. The end of the world. Next, a very simple phrase. I would want to be next to you. Next to you. This means beside you. Very close to you. Not far away, but right here beside me. For example, my phone is next to me on the table. It is beside me. So, Next to you means you are here and I am right here very close next to you. Okay, let's go to the next paragraph.

Sometimes we argue to argue. Argue means to fight with words. It's when you are angry and you speak in an angry way to someone. You disagree. For example, my brother and I argue about money. It means we fight about money using words. We scream words at each other. that is to argue.

And finally, the last phrase. Our love is the only thing worth fighting for. Worth fighting for. This means it is valuable enough to fight for. It is important enough. Worth means it has value. For example, this car is worth $10,000. That is its value. So worth fighting for means something is so important, so valuable that you will fight to keep it. In the story, love is the most important thing. It is the only thing that has enough value to fight for. It is worth fighting for. Okay, that is all of the vocabulary. Listen to the vocabulary lesson a few times. Uh read the text several times. Listen to the audio article a few times. And then finally, listen to the mini story many many times. A lot every day. Okay.
